and with friends yesterday on this occasion
I will teach how to put a weather widget
in toulon screen this is very easy
only in first of all we
we must go to Cydia and wait
finish loading once you have
finished loading cydia let's search
as it appears here forecast and if not
I also leave the name of the trick in
the description of the video and how we see
for this I do not know if it will be necessary
add no repo since it comes that
comes with a cost of 99 cents sorry
in the repo
Mayan and if they want to buy it and if
they want to try come
in the description of the video a link to
they add the repo and that's where they come from
completely free but I will
I recommend that you buy it is a tweet
pretty good
and if you do not know how to add a repone there
same I leave you a video of how to add
a good repo after it is installed
we will create a spring king and we will
create a settings menu within jose
is this is this one here that says
forecast they open it and it's a very menu
simple only
good in the options to enable
disable if we want standard or
manual and every time we want it to be
update our widget so that we
bring
this weather updates
good
and what
we find it installed as we have
configured that we're going to go here
let's lower the notification center and
here where our weather appears
We are gonna give
and here below in the and we will adapt and
so they have here they already have the city
in which you live so that
have the exact municipality where you
live they put you in skills to that that
local time
and they will appear in a municipality
for the seremi we are trapped in zaragoza and
because this has been all for today here is
the widget see it looks beautiful if they have
some doubt you already know in the comments
and I recommend we do not see each other until the
next